Wait a minute.
This lady
It's a designer I hired on purpose
Who dares to let him out?
Aunt Lin, why is he here?
Didn't he rescue abroad?
With young people
Never mind how that came about.
That person is the master of design
We should challenge
That's like ruining your job
That young man?
Eighty percent are his apprentices
Right, right, right, anyway.
What do you mean by things?
Nice
As expected of the designer I like
Good boy don't be afraid
If anyone dares to bully you, tell me boldly
I'll back you up.
Master Lin, you may not know
Miss Jiang
Plagiarized a design work I did 3 years ago
According to the rules of the game
This plagiarist has no way to participate in the competition.
So I also follow the rules.
Even if you look at Miss Zhongjiang again
You can't protect your shortcomings and break the rules, right?
I didn't plagiarize.
I believe Miss Jiang
So many eyes can't see clearly
Master, even if you protect this Miss Jiang again
If it gets out
I am afraid that Sun Nian is involved in the Golden Overlord
Miss Jiang, I believe in you.
I believe you can produce evidence
Prove your innocence
Certainly.
Evidence? Are you kidding?
So here we are.
This design
Me.
I add it to every one of my works
This kind of work is that anyone can make up.
Yeah, there really can't be any evidence for that.
The children who are in kindergarten these days have nothing to say